chore(TabStrip): add kb for adding and removing tabs (#2998)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/tabstrip-add-remove-tabs.md

---
title: Add and Remove Tabs
description: Learn how to dynamically add and remove tabs
type: how-to
page_title: Add and Remove Tabs
slug: tabstrip-kb-add-remove-tabs
tags: telerik,blazor,tabstrip,add tabs,remove tabs
ticketid: 
res_type: kb
previous_url: /knowledge-base/tabstrip-dynamic-tabs
---

## Environment

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Product</td>
            <td>TabStrip for Blazor</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

> I have a collection of items representing separate tabs. I am iterating through that collection to render a tab for each item as shown [here](slug:tabstrip-tabs-collection). I want to allow the user to add and remove tabs, how to achieve that?

Reviewer: Avoiding generic words like "here" lets you improve the SEO and quality of the text.
```suggestion
I have a collection of items representing separate tabs. I am iterating through that collection to render a tab for each item as shown in the [Tabs Collection article](slug:tabstrip-tabs-collection). I want to allow the user to add and remove tabs. How to achieve that?
```

This KB article answers the following questions:

> * How to remove a tab with a "X" button in the tab header?

Reviewer: Consider rephrasing this. Do you mean that the user wants to _remove the tab by using the X button_, or do you mean that the _user wants to remove a tab that has an X button in the header_?
